this is strictly in 60-seconds your
fight size guides to Britain's best
dancing contest this week are not so
Dirty Dozen had to tackle either earth
Tiki Charleston or a tempestuous tango
there was some fancy footwork it was
full of passion you're losing confidence
that was the best dance I've seen this
series okay but it wasn't your best
deliver because you've got it I want to
see you look like a penguin stuck in the
mud an impressive aerial display was it
a bird wasn't a plane no it was Superman
the boys were at the top of their game
with Matt and start in the Premier
League joint op with the judges Scott
and Natalie and Matt and Ali Olek but it
was the final whistle for one of our
couples Peter as the 11 couples get back
to training keep up to date with all of
the action right here at BBC Koike